Update documentation files (#313)
vector-im/element-x-ios: README.md

Come chat with the community in the dedicated Matrix [room](https://matrix.to/#/#element-ios:matrix.org).

## Build instructions

> Please refere to [Setting up a development environment](CONTRIBUTING.md#setting-up-a-development-environment) from [contribution guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the [setting up a development environment](CONTRIBUTING.md#setting-up-a-development-environment) section from the [contribution guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
